chore: set LSP4Creators[] when deploying digital assets (#75)
lukso-network/tools-lsp-factory: docs/classes/lsp7-digital-asset.md

   - `ownerAddress` - `string` : The owner of the contract.
   - `isNFT` - `boolean`: Specify if the contract represent a fungible or a non-fungible token.
   - `digitalAssetMetadata`?: `LSP4MetadataBeforeUpload | string`: [LSP4 Digital Asset Metadata](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-4-DigitalAsset-Metadata.md) to be attached to the smart contract. Can be an encoded hex string, ipfs url or metadata object as defined in (LSP4DigitalAssetMetadata.uploadMetadata)[./lsp4-digital-asset-metadata#uploadMetadata].

>    - `creators?` `string[]`: Array of ERC725Accounnt Addresses that defines the creators of the digital asset. Used to set the [LSP4Creators[]](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-4-DigitalAsset-Metadata.md#lsp4creators) key on the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `creators?` `string[]`: Array of ERC725Account `address`es that defines the creators of the digital asset. Used to set the [LSP4Creators[]](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-4-DigitalAsset-Metadata.md#lsp4creators) key on the contract.
```
